# Release Notes
### Highlights
- We have introduced folders, allowing users to create new folders and move their projects into them. This tool enables users to group projects, which were previously displayed as a flat list.
- We have also introduced the workspace concept. "My Workspace" is the user's private view, where they can see the projects they have access to, as well as the folders they have created. This behaves the same way it did before—users can still share projects from this view. If users want to collaborate with others, we now offer a shared workspace view, where users can create a workspace and define access rights. Anyone with access to the shared workspace will see the same folders and projects. Additionally, we have introduced the functionality to move projects to a shared workspace.
- Improve blocked card's UX. If a study is blocked, users can still do some operations on it: rename, share, retag, comment... https://github.com/ITISFoundation/osparc-simcore/pull/6207
- Resolved a bug with recovering data from input ports, where if more than one input port contained a file or a directory there was a probability that one of the two would be missing https://github.com/ITISFoundation/osparc-simcore/pull/6286
- Slight optimisation: if an older service is opend and the software is not already present on the machine where it is assigned to run, this software is recovered and installed at the same thime as your data is retrieved https://github.com/ITISFoundation/osparc-simcore/pull/6301
